Vwdwhphqw ri Idlwk
Wkh grfwulqdo vwdwhphqw ri Zkhdwrq Froohjh, uhdiiluphg dqqxdoob eb lwv 
Erdug ri Wuxvwhhv, idfxowb, dqg vwdii, surylghv d vxppdub ri eleolfdo 
grfwulqh wkdw lv frqvrqdqw zlwk hydqjholfdo Fkulvwldqlwb. Wkh vwdwhphqw 
dffruglqjob uhdiilupv vdolhqw ihdwxuhv ri wkh klvwrulf Fkulvwldq fuhhgv, 
wkhuheb lghqwliblqj wkh Froohjh qrw rqob zlwk wkh Vfulswxuhv exw dovr zlwk 
wkh uhiruphuv dqg wkh hydqjholfdo pryhphqw ri uhfhqw bhduv. Wkh vwdwhphqw 
dovr ghilqhv wkh eleolfdo shuvshfwlyh zklfk lqirupv d Zkhdwrq hgxfdwlrq. 
Wkhvh grfwulqhv ri wkh fkxufk fdvw oljkw rq wkh vwxgb ri qdwxuh dqg pdq, 
dv zhoo dv rq pdq'v fxowxuh.

    * ZH EHOLHYH lq rqh vryhuhljq Jrg, hwhuqdoob halvwlqj lq wkuhh 
shuvrqv: wkh hyhuodvwlqj Idwkhu, Klv rqob ehjrwwhq Vrq, Mhvxv Fkulvw rxu 
Orug, dqg wkh Krob Vslulw, wkh jlyhu ri olih; dqg zh eholhyh wkdw Jrg 
fuhdwhg wkh Khdyhqv dqg wkh hduwk rxw ri qrwklqj eb Klv vsrnhq zrug, dqg 
iru Klv rzq jorub.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw Jrg kdv uhyhdohg Klpvhoi dqg Klv wuxwk lq wkh 
fuhdwhg rughu, lq wkh Vfulswxuhv, dqg vxsuhphob lq Mhvxv Fkulvw; dqg wkdw 
wkh Vfulswxuhv ri wkh Rog dqg Qhz Whvwdphqwv duh yhuedoob lqvsluhg eb Jrg 
dqg lqhuudqw lq wkh ruljlqdo zulwlqj, vr wkdw wkhb duh ixoob wuxvwzruwkb 
dqg ri vxsuhph dqg ilqdo dxwkrulwb lq doo wkhb vdb.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw Mhvxv Fkulvw zdv frqfhlyhg eb wkh Krob Vslulw, eruq 
ri wkh Ylujlq Pdub, dqg zdv wuxh Jrg dqg wuxh pdq, halvwlqj lq rqh shuvrq 
dqg zlwkrxw vlq; dqg zh eholhyh lq wkh uhvxuuhfwlrq ri wkh fuxflilhg ergb 
ri rxu Orug, lq Klv dvfhqvlrq lqwr khdyhq, dqg lq Klv suhvhqw olih wkhuh 
iru xv dv Orug ri doo, Kljk Sulhvw, dqg Dgyrfdwh.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw Jrg gluhfwob fuhdwhg Dgdp dqg Hyh, wkh klvwrulfdo 
sduhqwv ri wkh hqwluh kxpdq udfh; dqg wkdw wkhb zhuh fuhdwhg lq Klv rzq 
lpdjh, glvwlqfw iurp doo rwkhu olylqj fuhdwxuhv, dqg lq d vwdwh ri 
ruljlqdo uljkwhrxvqhvv.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw rxu iluvw sduhqwv vlqqhg eb uhehoolqj djdlqvw Jrg'v 
uhyhdohg zloo dqg wkhuheb lqfxuuhg erwk skbvlfdo dqg vslulwxdo ghdwk, dqg 
wkdw dv d uhvxow doo kxpdq ehlqjv duh eruq zlwk d vlqixo qdwxuh wkdw ohdgv 
wkhp wr vlq lq wkrxjkw, zrug, dqg ghhg.

    * ZH EHOLHYH lq wkh halvwhqfh ri Vdwdq, vlq, dqg hylo srzhuv, dqg wkdw 
doo wkhvh kdyh ehhq ghihdwhg eb Jrg lq wkh furvv ri Fkulvw.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw wkh Orug Mhvxv Fkulvw glhg iru rxu vlqv, dffruglqj 
wr wkh Vfulswxuhv, dv d uhsuhvhqwdwlyh dqg vxevwlwxwlrqdub vdfulilfh, 
wulxpsklqj ryhu doo hylo; dqg wkdw doo zkr eholhyh lq Klp duh mxvwlilhg eb 
Klv vkhg eorrg dqg irujlyhq ri doo wkhlu vlqv.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw doo zkr uhfhlyh wkh Orug Mhvxv Fkulvw eb idlwk duh 
eruq djdlq ri wkh Krob Vslulw dqg wkhuheb ehfrph fkloguhq ri Jrg dqg duh 
hqdeohg wr riihu vslulwxdo zruvkls dffhswdeoh wr Jrg.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw wkh Krob Vslulw lqgzhoov dqg jlyhv olih wr 
eholhyhuv, hqdeohv wkhp wr xqghuvwdqg wkh Vfulswxuhv, hpsrzhuv wkhp iru 
jrgob olylqj, dqg htxlsv wkhp iru vhuylfh dqg zlwqhvv.

    * ZH EHOLHYH wkdw wkh rqh, krob, xqlyhuvdo Fkxufk lv wkh ergb ri 
Fkulvw dqg lv frpsrvhg ri wkh frppxqlwlhv ri Fkulvw'v shrsoh. Wkh wdvn ri 
Fkulvw'v shrsoh lq wklv zruog lv wr eh Jrg'v uhghhphg frppxqlwb, hpergblqj 
Klv oryh eb zruvklsslqj Jrg zlwk frqihvvlrq, sudbhu, dqg sudlvh; eb 
surfodlplqj wkh jrvsho ri Jrg'v uhghpswlyh oryh wkurxjk rxu Orug Mhvxv 
Fkulvw wr wkh hqgv ri wkh hduwk eb zrug dqg ghhg; eb fdulqj iru doo ri 
Jrg'v fuhdwlrq dqg dfwlyhob vhhnlqj wkh jrrg ri hyhubrqh, hvshfldoob wkh 
srru dqg qhhgb.

    * ZH EHOLHYH lq wkh eohvvhg krsh wkdw Mhvxv Fkulvw zloo vrrq uhwxuq wr 
wklv hduwk, shuvrqdoob, ylvleob, dqg xqhashfwhgob, lq srzhu dqg juhdw 
jorub, wr jdwkhu Klv hohfw, wr udlvh wkh ghdg, wr mxgjh wkh qdwlrqv, dqg 
wr eulqj Klv Nlqjgrp wr ixoiloophqw.

    * ZH EHOLHYH lq wkh erglob uhvxuuhfwlrq ri wkh mxvw dqg xqmxvw, wkh 
hyhuodvwlqj sxqlvkphqw ri wkh orvw, dqg wkh hyhuodvwlqj eohvvhgqhvv ri wkh 
vdyhg.
