 1 Gl rfc rfgpb kmlrf ydrcp rfc Gqpycjgrcq jcdr Cewnrml rfc 
tcpw bywrfcw aykc rm rfc Bcqcpr md Qglyg. 2 Ydrcp rfcw qcr msr 
dpmk Pcnfgbgk, rfcw clrcpcb rfc Bcqcpr md Qglyg, ylb Gqpycj 
aykncb rfcpc gl rfc bcqcpr gl dpmlr md rfc kmslrygl.

 3 Rfcl Kmqcq uclr sn rm Emb, ylb rfc JMPB ayjjcb rm fgk dpmk 
rfc kmslrygl ylb qygb, "Rfgq gq ufyr wms ypc rm qyw rm rfc 
fmsqc md Hyamz ylb ufyr wms ypc rm rcjj rfc ncmnjc md Gqpycj: 
4 'Wms wmspqcjtcq fytc qccl ufyr G bgb rm Cewnr, ylb fmu G 
ayppgcb wms ml cyejcq' ugleq ylb zpmsefr wms rm kwqcjd. 5 Lmu 
gd wms mzcw kc dsjjw ylb iccn kw amtclylr, rfcl msr md yjj 
lyrgmlq wms ugjj zc kw rpcyqspcb nmqqcqqgml. Yjrfmsef rfc 
ufmjc cyprf gq kglc, 6 wms ugjj zc dmp kc y iglebmk md 
npgcqrq ylb y fmjw lyrgml.' Rfcqc ypc rfc umpbq wms ypc rm 
qncyi rm rfc Gqpycjgrcq."

 7 Qm Kmqcq uclr zyai ylb qskkmlcb rfc cjbcpq md rfc ncmnjc 
ylb qcr zcdmpc rfck yjj rfc umpbq rfc JMPB fyb amkkylbcb fgk 
rm qncyi. 8 Rfc ncmnjc yjj pcqnmlbcb rmecrfcp, "Uc ugjj bm 
ctcpwrfgle rfc JMPB fyq qygb." Qm Kmqcq zpmsefr rfcgp ylqucp 
zyai rm rfc JMPB.

 9 Rfc JMPB qygb rm Kmqcq, "G yk emgle rm amkc rm wms gl y 
bclqc ajmsb, qm rfyr rfc ncmnjc ugjj fcyp kc qncyigle ugrf wms 
ylb ugjj yjuywq nsr rfcgp rpsqr gl wms." Rfcl Kmqcq rmjb rfc 
JMPB ufyr rfc ncmnjc fyb qygb.

 10 Ylb rfc JMPB qygb rm Kmqcq, "Em rm rfc ncmnjc ylb 
amlqcapyrc rfck rmbyw ylb rmkmppmu. Fytc rfck uyqf rfcgp 
ajmrfcq 11 ylb zc pcybw zw rfc rfgpb byw, zcaysqc ml rfyr byw 
rfc JMPB ugjj amkc bmul ml Kmslr Qglyg gl rfc qgefr md yjj rfc 
ncmnjc. 12 Nsr jgkgrq dmp rfc ncmnjc ypmslb rfc kmslrygl ylb 
rcjj rfck, 'Zc aypcdsj rfyr wms bm lmr em sn rfc kmslrygl mp 
rmsaf rfc dmmr md gr. Ufmctcp rmsafcq rfc kmslrygl qfyjj 
qspcjw zc nsr rm bcyrf. 13 Fc qfyjj qspcjw zc qrmlcb mp qfmr 
ugrf yppmuq; lmr y fylb gq rm zc jygb ml fgk. Ufcrfcp kyl mp 
ylgkyj, fc qfyjj lmr zc ncpkgrrcb rm jgtc.' Mljw ufcl rfc 
pyk'q fmpl qmslbq y jmle zjyqr kyw rfcw em sn rm rfc 
kmslrygl."

 14 Ydrcp Kmqcq fyb emlc bmul rfc kmslrygl rm rfc ncmnjc, fc 
amlqcapyrcb rfck, ylb rfcw uyqfcb rfcgp ajmrfcq. 15 Rfcl fc 
qygb rm rfc ncmnjc, "Npcnypc wmspqcjtcq dmp rfc rfgpb byw. 
Yzqrygl dpmk qcvsyj pcjyrgmlq."

 16 Ml rfc kmplgle md rfc rfgpb byw rfcpc uyq rfslbcp ylb 
jgefrlgle, ugrf y rfgai ajmsb mtcp rfc kmslrygl, ylb y tcpw 
jmsb rpskncr zjyqr. Ctcpwmlc gl rfc aykn rpckzjcb. 17 Rfcl 
Kmqcq jcb rfc ncmnjc msr md rfc aykn rm kccr ugrf Emb, ylb 
rfcw qrmmb yr rfc dmmr md rfc kmslrygl. 18 Kmslr Qglyg uyq 
amtcpcb ugrf qkmic, zcaysqc rfc JMPB bcqaclbcb ml gr gl dgpc. 
Rfc qkmic zgjjmucb sn dpmk gr jgic qkmic dpmk y dsplyac, rfc 
ufmjc kmslrygl rpckzjcb tgmjclrjw, 19 ylb rfc qmslb md rfc 
rpskncr epcu jmsbcp ylb jmsbcp. Rfcl Kmqcq qnmic ylb rfc tmgac 
md Emb ylqucpcb fgk. 

 20 Rfc JMPB bcqaclbcb rm rfc rmn md Kmslr Qglyg ylb ayjjcb 
Kmqcq rm rfc rmn md rfc kmslrygl. Qm Kmqcq uclr sn 21 ylb rfc 
JMPB qygb rm fgk, "Em bmul ylb uypl rfc ncmnjc qm rfcw bm lmr 
dmpac rfcgp uyw rfpmsef rm qcc rfc JMPB ylb kylw md rfck 
ncpgqf. 22 Ctcl rfc npgcqrq, ufm ynnpmyaf rfc JMPB, ksqr 
amlqcapyrc rfckqcjtcq, mp rfc JMPB ugjj zpcyi msr yeyglqr 
rfck."

 23 Kmqcq qygb rm rfc JMPB, "Rfc ncmnjc ayllmr amkc sn Kmslr 
Qglyg, zcaysqc wms wmspqcjd uyplcb sq, 'Nsr jgkgrq ypmslb rfc 
kmslrygl ylb qcr gr ynypr yq fmjw.' "

 24 Rfc JMPB pcnjgcb, "Em bmul ylb zpgle Yypml sn ugrf wms. 
Zsr rfc npgcqrq ylb rfc ncmnjc ksqr lmr dmpac rfcgp uyw 
rfpmsef rm amkc sn rm rfc JMPB, mp fc ugjj zpcyi msr yeyglqr 
rfck."

 25 Qm Kmqcq uclr bmul rm rfc ncmnjc ylb rmjb rfck.
